---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "multikubernetes Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# multikubernetes Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster))

<a id="nestedblock--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Required:

- `cluster_name` (String) Cluster Name to which the config refers.

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- `client_key` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- `config_context` (String)
- `config_context_auth_info` (String)
- `config_context_cluster` (String)
- `config_path` (String) Path to the kube config file. Can be set with KUBE_CONFIG_PATH.
- `config_paths` (List of String) A list of paths to kube config files. Can be set with KUBE_CONFIG_PATHS environment variable.
- `exec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster--exec))
- `experiments` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable and disable experimental features. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cluster--experiments))
- `host` (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of Kubernetes master.
- `ignore_annotations` (List of String) List of Kubernetes metadata annotations to ignore across all resources handled by this provider for situations where external systems are managing certain resource annotations. Each item is a regular expression.
- `ignore_labels` (List of String) List of Kubernetes metadata labels to ignore across all resources handled by this provider for situations where external systems are managing certain resource labels. Each item is a regular expression.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `password` (String) The password to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.
- `proxy_url` (String) URL to the proxy to be used for all API requests
- `tls_server_name` (String) Server name passed to the server for SNI and is used in the client to check server certificates against.
- `token` (String) Token to authenticate an service account
- `username` (String) The username to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.

<a id="nestedblock--cluster--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster.exec`

Required:

- `api_version` (String)
- `command` (String)

Optional:

- `args` (List of String)
- `env` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedblock--cluster--experiments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster.experiments`

Optional:

- `manifest_resource` (Boolean) Enable the `kubernetes_manifest` resource.
